[Music]
you stick to the healthiest diet
exercise regularly drink plenty of water
and nothing the number on the scale just
doesn't change I guess no one told you
that it's probably your lymphatic system
feeling to work properly but don't worry
I know a couple of simple exercises that
can completely transform your body no
menu change is necessary but before I
tell you about these miracle workers
let's take a sec to figure out what's
really happening in your body the most
noticeable symptoms of a problematic
lymphatic system are face puffiness body
swelling skin issues and cellulite these
are signs that your lymph vessels may
circulate more slowly letting toxins
accumulate in your body thankfully this
problem isn't that difficult to solve
you just have to improve the circulation
of your lymph and that's exactly what
lymphatic drainage is all about these
exercises and massage techniques work in
different ways they prevent water
retention
goodbye puffiness boost your immune and
nervous system help with weight loss and
even make your skin more elastic however
there are a couple of precautions you
shouldn't forget about if you're
pregnant suffer from cancer have
inflammation in your body or blood clots
in your legs lymphatic stimulation is
definitely not for you people with
lymphatic gland inflammation in lymph
adenopathy should also avoid these
techniques let's check out these little
life savers clavicle area massage the
best way to start working with your
lymphatic system is through a simple
clavicle massage for this one you have
to lie on your back on a completely flat
surface cross your arms over your chest
so that your fingers on your left hand
would be under your right clavicle and
the fingers of your right hand would be
under your left one from here raise your
elbows and gently apply a little
pressure to these areas with your
fingers repeat this at least 15 times
and don't forget about breathing you
should inhale in the starting position
and exhale as you do the massage
shoulder shrugs this one is very easy
and you can do it pretty much everywhere
without looking too crazy stand up or
sit down in a comfortable position
keeping your back straight though inhale
and drop both of your shoulders all the
way up towards your ears hold it in for
a second and exhale lowering your
shoulders back into the starting
position do it about 15 times if you
notice any painful stretches in your
shoulders or just feel uncomfortable
during the exercise skip it and move
right along to the next one feet rolling
okay you started from the top of your
body now let's go all the way to the
bottom and give your feet a little treat
stand up straight with your feet
parallel to each other
get up on your toes and freeze in this
position for a second then return to the
initial position and roll right back
onto your heels repeating this 20 times
will be more than enough to nicely shake
up your lymphatic system
so we're plexus area massage the top of
your body is done the bottom is done
time to go right in the middle for this
massage you can either stand up or sit
down keeping your back straight keep the
thumbs and forefingers of both hands
together
from this position inhale and put your
fingers on the point under your ribs in
your solar plexus area round your back
press the point and exhale hold this
position for a couple of seconds and
release continue to do so for no more
than twenty times a session and you're
good to go
Japanese vibration exercise let's throw
some fun exercises into the mix for
Japanese vibration which sounds very
cool already
you just have to lie on your back on a
flat surface once again this time though
raise your arms and legs up in the air
slightly bending your legs your job is
to shake them all at the same time and
try to relax your limbs in the process
believe me you'll love this exercise but
don't go too crazy with it and perform
it for three minutes tops the frog
exercise sit down on a flat surface bend
your legs and make your feet touch each
other put your hands on your knees and
push them quickly
to make them bounce don't go too intense
though the point is to make certain
areas of your system work so medium
intensity will be alright do it at least
30 times before moving on to the next
exercise
crunches if you're familiar with working
out you definitely know what this next
exercise is all about and if not here's
what you have to do lie on your back
on a flat surface keeping your legs
straight inhale bend your knees try to
bring them closer to your chest and
exhale before returning to the initial
position repeat this about 20 times and
make sure to stop right away if you feel
uncomfortable or experience pain
jumping jacks this is another popular
exercise that you can find in pretty
much every workout to do a jumping jack
you have to stand still keeping your
feet together and your arms by your
sides
from this position jump up spreading
your legs to about shoulder width apart
and stretching your arms out over your
head then quickly jump back into the
starting position continue to jump like
that for about thirty seconds or one
minute tops to really get the lymph
flowing and there you go that's a whole
workout for you pretty easy right but
this one is for your body and you need
one for your face as well doing
lymphatic face massage regularly
improves your skin's condition and
reduces puffiness all you need is five
minutes of your time and these movements
start with lightly stroking your skin
with your fingers from the middle of
your forehead to your temples then move
your four fingers under your eyes from
your nose toward your temples now it's
time to apply some pressure go from the
point above your upper lip to the sides
then from the corners of your lips to
the sides and finally from the middle of
your chin up and to the sides complete
the massage by gliding your fingers from
the upper part of your forehead down to
the chest
yup through your entire face and neck
this will help direct the lymph outflow
try to repeat each of these exercises
for about five to ten times and you'll
see prominent results in a week good
luck do you have any easy weight loss
tricks of your own let me know down in
the comments if you learn something new
and give this video a like and share it
with a friend but hey don't go anywhere
just yet we have over 2,000 cool videos
for you to check out all you have to do
is pick the left or right video click on
it and enjoy stay on the bright side of
life